OpenGL SuperBible 6th Edition Examples - How to Build
-----------------------------------------------------

Windows / Microsoft Visual Studio 2010:

Project files are included in the source archive for Visual Studio 2010. These
will work with Professional (all tiers) and Express editions. Newer versions
of Visual Studio _should_ import them just fine, but this is not extensively
tested. Simply open the sb6.sln file in Visual Studio and hit build (F7).
Everything will build and you'll end up with binaries in the 'bin' directory.

Linux:

Makefiles are _not_ included. Rather, the project depends on CMake. You'll
need to install it with the appropriate method for your distribution. On
Debian-based distributions (such as Ubuntu and Mint):

sudo apt-get install cmake

You'll also need to satisfy dependencies. In particular, you'll need GL and
GLX headers and libs (generally included in Mesa packages), and GLFW. There's
a snapshot of GLFW included in the archive, which you can build and install if
you wish, but pre-compiled packages should be available for most
distributions.

Once you have everything, you should enter the top directory where you
unpacked the source and issue:

cmake .
make

The examples will build into the 'bin' directory.

Mac:

As with the Linux build, Makefiles are not included. CMake is required to
create Makefiles and build the samples. While CMake can build Xcode project
files, they're not fully configured. The build that works is the command line
build using Makefiles. To generate the Makefiles, go to the top level source
directory and issue:

cmake -G "Unix Makefiles"

Then run make. Again, the examples will be built into the 'bin' directory
and be can run from that directory at the command line.

You need Mac OS X 10.9 Mavericks or higher to run the samples. Even then,
several of the samples won't work as they require OpenGL 4.3 features, and
Mavericks only supports OpenGL 4.1 (plus a couple of extensions).

Other platforms:

The code will probably build for other platforms, especially if they are
relatively non-obscure, but nothing besides Windows/Visual Studio and Linux
has been tested. If you wish, you can re-generate the Visual Studio project
files using CMake on Windows, and CMake should be able to build the
appropriate project files for environments such as Code::Blocks and Eclipse,
but again, this is untested.

Running the samples:

Most of the samples require some media files. The media files package is a
separate download available from http://www.openglsuperbible.com and is
roughly 100MB of textures, object files and shader code. Unpack the archive
to the bin/media directory before trying to run these samples.

Please note carefully: EVEN IF YOU CAN BUILD THE SOURCES FOR YOUR FAVORITE
PLATFORM OF CHOICE, YOU NEED RECENT OpenGL 4.3 DRIVERS TO RUN THEM. PLEASE
DON'T PAN MY BOOK BECAUSE YOUR COMPUTER DOESN'T SUPPORT OpenGL 4.3. THANKS
